{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This file contains my notes for Integrify 22.jan.2018!\
\
1. Install Visual Studio Code (VSC)\
\
2. Create folder for repository Desktop/Integrify/git-lesson\
\
3. VSC\
	Add git-lesson folder\
	Create index.html file\
\
4. Terminal:\
	git --version \'97> tells you what version you\'92re using\
	cd <folder> \'97> takes you to that folder\
	cd .. \'97> takes you back one step in the hierarchy\
\
5. Write code on index.html file\
\
6. Save and open file on Chrome\
\
6. Install Node.js\
\
7. Terminal:\
	npm install -g live-server\
\
8. If number 7 doesn\'92t work, go to VSC:\
	VSC > Extensions > Live Server\
	Install and reload Live Server\
	Then right-click on the html file and select "Open with Live Server"\
\
10. Terminal:\
	git init \'97> initializes git repository and creates .git subfolder\
	git status \'97> get current status (note: use this often!)\
	git add index.html \'97> stages file\
	git add README.rtf\
	git commit -m \'93Initial commit\'94 \'97> commits file locally\
	git log \'97> gets log\
\
11. VSC:\
	Edit and save index.html\
\
12. Terminal:\
	git status \'97> look, there are modified files!\
\
13. Teacher draws diagram: working directory \'97> staging area \'97> committed\
\
14. Terminal:\
	git add index.html \'97> stage\
	git reset HEAD index.html \'97> unstage (note: this also resets the README.rtf file)\
	git add index.html \'97> stage again\
	git add README.rtf\
	git commit -m \'93Second commit\'94\
	git log\
	git log --oneline \'97> neat little summary of the log\
\
15. VSC:\
	Create skills.html file\
\
16. Terminal: \
	git status\
	git add skills.html\
	git status\
	git commit -m \'93Added skills.html file\'94\
	git log --oneline\
\
17. Go to GitHub > + > New repository. I created one called git-lesson, the teacher created one called portfolio\
\
18. Terminal:\
	\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
git remote add origin https://github.com/xurxe/git-lesson.git\
	git push -u origin master\
\
19. Go to https://github.com/xurxe/git-lesson/commits and check it\'92s all there!\
\
20. VSC:\
	Create contact.html\
	Create projects.html\
\
21. Terminal:\
	git add . \'97> add everything in the current folder\
	git commit -m "Added contact.html and projects.html"\
\
22. VSC:\
	Create folders:  html, css, js, assets.\
	Move all html files (except index.html) into html folder\
\
23. Terminal:\
	git add .\
	git commit -m "Updated folder structure"\
	git push\
	\
24. VSC:\
	Add files to empty folders (css, js, assets)\
\
23. Terminal:\
	git add .\
	git commit -m "Added files to empty folders"\
	git push\
\
25. VSC: \
	We\'92ve been making changes to the html files\
	Install Prettier - Code Formatter, and reload\
\
26. Terminal\
	git add .\
	git commit -m "Added header, added footer, and connected all pages"\
	git push\
\
27. Changed the name of my README.rtf to notes.rtf\
\
28. VSC:\
	Creat readme.md\
\
29. Terminal:\
	\cf2 git add .\
	git commit -m "Changed README and notes"\
	git push\
	git add .\
	git commit -m "Updated readme.md"\
	git push\
\
30. VSC:\
	Create .gitignore\
\
31. Terminal:\
	git add .\
	git commit -m "Created .gitignore and personal folder"\
	git push\
	(not working???)\
}